First is the MainUser Class Methods in User Class Methods MainUserlogin(), MainUserPassword(), MainUserNewPassword(). The user logs into the reminder app. If the user forgets the password, the user can click the forgot password button and do some steps like set up new password to get back into the account.The user have option to create a reminder or view the reminder. The MainReminder Class Methods are ReminderAdd(), ReminderEdit(), ReminderDelete().The user can create as many reminder as they wants. The information to create reminder includes name, date, day, start time, end time, description and location to save the reminder. The user can add, edit and delete a reminder. In Show Class the Methods are Show(), delete(), add(), MakeList(), DeleteList(), SaveAgain, The user can view the reminder sortByTime() under the three category which is WeeklyRemainder, MonthlyRemainder and  SpecialEventReminder.The user can delete and add a reminder.The user can create from one to many weekly, monthly and Kid Reminder.The user can create and delete the list.The user can set up reminder based on location and sort the list in weekly, monthly and special event Reminder. In Weekly, Monthly and SpecialEventReminder class the Methods are rename(), selectEvent(), createEvent(), checkAllEvents(), The user can check All  the MainReminder. The user also has options the check all the reminder from the type at once. The user can create, select reminder. This class inserts all the methods from Show class.
